Upgrade common library (#402)
newrelic/nri-kubernetes: charts/newrelic-infrastructure/templates/NOTES.txt

Most Control Plane components listen in the loopback address only, which is not reachable without `hostNetwork: true`.
Control plane autodiscovery might not work as expected.

> You can enable hostNetwork for control plane scraper pods by setting `global.hotNetwork`, `hostNetwork` or only for the control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable hostNetwork for all pods by setting `global.hotNetwork`, `hostNetwork`, or only for the control
```

Author: Solved in [#78d6879](https://github.com/newrelic/nri-kubernetes/pull/402/commits/78d6879bf6523dee1de549e27bb17a7d7bb1fdd5)
